TELCODOCS-2195#Add note about correct sync-wave for optional override BMH in SiteConfig (#92128)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-deploying-a-site.adoc

For more information about BMC addressing, see the "Additional resources" section. The `installConfigOverrides` and  `ignitionConfigOverride` fields are expanded in the example for ease of readability.   
====

> +

Reviewer: @maxwelldb No, they should be on the same level :( I just pushed a fix, let me check if it's correct now

> +

Reviewer 2: Seems on the level, now.

[NOTE]
====

> To override the default `BareMetalHost` CR for a node, you can reference the override CR in the `spec.clusters.clusterName.nodes/<node-id>/crTemplates.BareMetalHost` field. Ensure that you set the `argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "3"` annotation in your override `BareMetalHost` CR.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To override the default `BareMetalHost` CR for a node, you can reference the override CR in the `crTemplates` field under node level in the SiteConfig. Ensure that you set the `argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "3"` annotation in your override `BareMetalHost` CR.
```

Reviewer 3: Rephrase as you see it fits, since we are not describing API, we must refrain from providing node id

Reviewer: > To override the default `BareMetalHost` CR for a node, you can reference the override CR in the node-level `crTemplates` field in the `SiteConfig` CR. Ensure that you set the `argocd.argoproj.io/sync-wave: "3"` annotation in your override `BareMetalHost` CR.
